Adds Flax BERT finetuning example on GLUE (#11528)
huggingface/transformers: examples/flax/text-classification/README.md

<!---

> Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copyright 2021 The Google Flax Team Authors and HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.
```
